oh my sweet summer child what do you
know about food
thousands of years ago there came a
night that lasted a generation in that
darkness the White Walkers came for the
first time the swept through cities and
kingdoms riding their dead horses
hunting with their packs of pale spiders
so I saw so why would you understand why
I did it
John said he was a deserter the man who
passes the sentence should swing the
sword
17 years ago you rode off with what
Dorothy you came back a year later with
another woman's son
Lord Eddard Stark I would name you the
hand of the king there's a war coming
Ned don't know when I don't know who
we'll be fighting but it's coming
that's what men always saving all the
goals that's what you tell your families
tell yourselves
you do have a choice and you've made
soon you will cross the Narrow Sea and
take back your Father's throne let's go
home we go home with an army you're just
a soldier aren't you take your orders
and you carry on I was also trained to
kill my enemies your grace that's what I
does only mean nothing to you these
people will do anything and that is why
we have to stop them look Seven Kingdoms
sorrow one King Seven Kingdoms do you
think honor keeps them in line giving it
honor that's keeping the peace it's fear
the Targaryen girl convinces her
horselord husband to invade the Dothraki
horde crosses the Narrow Sea we won't be
able to stop them when you play the game
of Thrones you win you
there is no middle ground I call upon
you to seize him and help me return him
to Winterfell to await the King's
justice
you come to a dangerous place you cannot
fight a woman with ourselves